Update and extend release checklist (#1911)
pymor/pymor: docs/RELEASE_CHECKLIST.md

# Release checklist

Replace `RELEASE_TAG` below with the actual release tag.

 1. [ ] Write release notes. All new deprecations need to be mentioned.
 1. [ ] Update `README.md`.

>  1. [ ] (Create release branch in `pymor/pymor`. Should have a `.x` as last part of the branch name in contrast
>         to the `RELEASE_TAG`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. [ ] Create a release branch in `pymor/pymor`. Should have a `.x` as the last part of the branch name in contrast
        to the `RELEASE_TAG`.
```

 1. [ ] Tag commit in `pymor/pymor` as `RELEASE_TAG`.
        Use an annotated tag (`git tag -a RELEASE_TAG -m RELEASE_TAG`) with the annotation being `RELEASE_TAG`.

>  1. [ ] Produce sdist with checked out tag `RELEASE_TAG`, make sure sdist version is correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. [ ] Run `python setup.py sdist` (on checked out tag `RELEASE_TAG`) and check that it produces `dist/pymor-RELEASE_TAG.tar.gz`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
 1. [ ] Run `python setup.py sdist` (on checked out tag `RELEASE_TAG`) and check that it
        produces `dist/pymor-RELEASE_TAG.tar.gz`.
```

 1. [ ] Tag commit in `pymor/docker` as `RELEASE_TAG`, make sure to use the commit mentioned in the `.env` in the
        tagged commit in `pymor/pymor`. Use an annotated tag with the annotation being the version number.
        For instance:

> ```
> source pymor/pymor/.env
> cd pymor/docker
> git checkout "${CI_IMAGE_TAG}"
> git tag -a RELEASE_TAG -m RELEASE_TAG
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

       ```bash
       source pymor/pymor/.env
       cd pymor/docker
       git checkout "${CI_IMAGE_TAG}"
       git tag -a RELEASE_TAG -m RELEASE_TAG
       ```
```

 1. [ ] Push tag `RELEASE_TAG` to `pymor/docker`.
 1. [ ] Wait for CI build to finish in `pymor/docker`.
 1. [ ] Push tag `RELEASE_TAG` to `pymor/pymor`.

>  1. [ ] Wait for CI build to finish in `pymor/pymor`. The tagged commit will be deployed to pypi automatically,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. [ ] Wait for CI build to finish in `pymor/pymor`. The tagged commit will be deployed to PyPI automatically,
```

        to the `RELEASE_TAG`.
 1. [ ] Tag commit in `pymor/pymor` as `RELEASE_TAG`.
        Use an annotated tag (`git tag -a RELEASE_TAG -m RELEASE_TAG`) with the annotation being `RELEASE_TAG`.
 1. [ ] Run `python setup.py sdist` (on checked out tag `RELEASE_TAG`) and check that it
        produces `dist/pymor-RELEASE_TAG.tar.gz`.
 1. [ ] Tag commit in `pymor/docker` as `RELEASE_TAG`, make sure to use the commit mentioned in the `.env` in the
        tagged commit in `pymor/pymor`. Use an annotated tag with the annotation being the version number.
        For instance:

       ```bash
       source pymor/pymor/.env
       cd pymor/docker
       git checkout "${CI_IMAGE_TAG}"
       git tag -a RELEASE_TAG -m RELEASE_TAG
       ```
 1. [ ] Push tag `RELEASE_TAG` to `pymor/docker`.
 1. [ ] Wait for CI build to finish in `pymor/docker`.
 1. [ ] Push tag `RELEASE_TAG` to `pymor/pymor`.
 1. [ ] Wait for CI build to finish in `pymor/pymor`. The tagged commit will be deployed to PyPI automatically,
        see [the developer docs](https://docs.pymor.org/main/developer_docs.html#stage-deploy).

>  1. [ ] Bump/create demo docker, i.e. in `pymor/docker` go to the `demo`-folder and copy the subfolder of the last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 1. [ ] Bump/create demo docker, i.e., in `pymor/docker` go to the `demo` folder and copy the subfolder of the last
```
